c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.dll
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.pdb
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.xap
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.g.resources
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.dll
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.pdb
c:\users\saint\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhoneAppDemo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.dll
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.pdb
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\Bin\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.xap
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.g.resources
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.dll
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\PhoneAppDemo.pdb
C:\Users\saint\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WP7Demo\PhoneAppDemo\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
